commands: add key migration cli (#6790)
tendermint/tendermint: UPGRADING.md

  
* `BootstrapPeers` has been added as part of the new p2p stack. This will eventually replace
  `Seeds`. Bootstrap peers are connected with on startup if needed for peer discovery. Unlike
  persistent peers, there's no gaurantee that the node will remain connected with these peers. 

* configuration values starting with `priv-validator-` have moved to the new
  `priv-validator` section, without the `priv-validator-` prefix.

* The fast sync process as well as the blockchain package and service has all
  been renamed to block sync

### Key Format Changes

> The key names of all tendermint on-disk database keys changes in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of all tendermint on-disk database keys changes in
```

> 0.35. Upgrading nodes must either re-sync all data run a migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0.35. Upgrading nodes must either re-sync all data or run a migration
```

- `blockchain`
- `evidence`

> Accordingly, the `node` package was changed to reduce access to

Reviewer: lol nice catch

Author: it was my mistake in the first place! :p
